[Music]
no chill some of us have to play the
game and not lock ourselves at balls it
fucking quit we have to play the game
bro
oh look thing kind of thermite maybe you
can get out maybe girl where Thacher
connector between stairs
oh yeah hosing their last noise fucking
rush me faggot
don't fucking rush me nice breath
through the wall straight to the wall
why are you spreading outlet oh my god
dating don't run up here don't run after
shut up reload
crawling crawling crawling
defusing defusing run rusher i her stop
her to stop what she wasn't stopping
she wasn't stopping got her hey where's
that fucking cunts
now that's how you fucking play rainbow
faggots yeah my fucking below anyone
before
shit Waymon we just said the video clip
saving every time that I give this urban
otherwise video clips aid so almost
gonna delete the division little damn
right I mean we never played anyway so
yeah plus I just didn't get into it you
liked it what I was thinking it - sorry
about that
just don't really like that game we had
her time on that that game was fucking
amazing and we stopped playing it now we
have this game this game almost never
get old bitch is so good they'll never
get older but it will get boring yeah
it's gonna get boring that's fact
I just know what it is Bella Bella
get your cup there yes it is cuz you
drink out of that it specific but again
they shut the fuck up I'm one fucking
kill away from getting the season got
nice
let's go avoiding always get on my
fucking level that your actions have
consequences that was a very bad idea
that was a really good idea actually
don't play about it I have over 10 hours
of mirror on and that was the one time I
played a double mess where that's a
piece of shit like is you know a couple
games ago we lose in fucking wolves I'm
at one of the times you had a pole no
you mean captain can you can't just
straight-up call a Russian so I can get
a second place but one kill oh we got
the cameras fine I got the game
meanwhile
nice man good job Grim Reaper I'm here
to give I'm high five man high five yes
I can't high five right thanks bud run
it out and take up mirrors the indoor
captain's right there was a ball tree
outside I destroyed it because your boys
about the anis your cunt if you do know
how Frank's fucking pulse back I fuckin
knife to him but it doesn't worried
apparently worse where is he at where's
he at was yeah it was yeah just fuckin a
stir boys just aced I just aced fuck you
get out my way for your garbage John
good job good job John wanna play rook
what you don't have work then what if
someone took him
right yeah and to prevent a little bit
soon that was a Thomas aka Grimm if your
recruit you're gay
yes you're gay I'm lesbian
John we're clutching Wow
I don't think John's talking anymore he
might be a little too triggered God
what'd you say about my crowing well
when you said when you said except
there's a code for John oh wait if we'd
not have any kills none of us had kills